Sammyk/php docs url resource name (#4703)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/php.md

| Module         | Versions           | Support Type    |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------|
| CakePHP        | 2.x                | Fully Supported |
| Laravel        | 4.2, 5.x           | Fully Supported |
| Lumen          | 5.2+               | Fully Supported |
| Slim           | 3.x                | Fully Supported |

> | Symfony        | 2.x, 3.3, 3.4, 4.x | Fully Supported |

Author: Remove Symfony 2.x

| `DD_TRACE_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`         | `false`     | Flag to enable trace analytics for relevant spans in web integrations       |
| `DD_TRACE_DEBUG`                     | `false`     | Enable [debug mode][15] for the tracer                                      |
| `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`                   | `true`      | Enable the tracer globally                                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS`               | ``          | Tags to be set on all spans: e.g.: `key1:value1,key2:value2`                |
| `DD_TRACE_REPORT_HOSTNAME`           | `false`     | Enable hostname reporting on the root span                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_RESOURCE_URI_MAPPING`      | `null`      | CSV of URL-to-resource-name mapping rules; e.g., `/foo/*,/bar/$*/baz`; [see "Custom URL-To-Resource Mapping"][16] |
| `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED` | `false` | Enable URL's as resource names; [see "URL Resource Names"][17]              |
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED` | `false`     | Flag to enable trace analytics for relevant spans in a specific integration |

> #### URL Resource Names

Author: Can we call the functionality -
"Map resource names to normalized URI"

When `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED=true`, the URL will be used to form the trace resource name in the format, `<HTTP_REQUEST_METHOD> <NORMALIZED_URL>` with the query string removed from the URL.

> 

Author: Let's add a line at the end to clarify the usability -  
"...from the URL. This allows better visibility in any custom framework that is not automatically instrumented by normalizing the URLs and grouping together generic endpoints under one resource."

| `DD_TRACE_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`         | `false`     | Flag to enable trace analytics for relevant spans in web integrations       |
| `DD_TRACE_DEBUG`                     | `false`     | Enable [debug mode][16] for the tracer                                      |
| `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`                   | `true`      | Enable the tracer globally                                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS`               | ``          | Tags to be set on all spans: e.g.: `key1:value1,key2:value2`                |
| `DD_TRACE_REPORT_HOSTNAME`           | `false`     | Enable hostname reporting on the root span                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_RESOURCE_URI_MAPPING`      | `null`      | CSV of URL-to-resource-name mapping rules; e.g., `/foo/*,/bar/$*/baz`; [see "Custom URL-To-Resource Mapping"][16] |
| `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED` | `false` | Enable URL's as resource names; [see "Map Resource Names To Normalized URI"][17] |
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED` | `false`     | Flag to enable trace analytics for relevant spans in a specific integration |

#### Map Resource Names To Normalized URI

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<div class="alert alert-warning">
This functionality is in public beta. Request early access by contacting <a href="/help">Datadog Support</a>. 
</div>
```

| `DD_TRACE_DEBUG`                     | `false`     | Enable [debug mode][16] for the tracer                                      |
| `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`                   | `true`      | Enable the tracer globally                                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS`               | ``          | Tags to be set on all spans: e.g.: `key1:value1,key2:value2`                |
| `DD_TRACE_REPORT_HOSTNAME`           | `false`     | Enable hostname reporting on the root span                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_RESOURCE_URI_MAPPING`      | `null`      | CSV of URL-to-resource-name mapping rules; e.g., `/foo/*,/bar/$*/baz`; [see "Custom URL-To-Resource Mapping"][16] |
| `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED` | `false` | Enable URL's as resource names; [see "Map Resource Names To Normalized URI"][17] |
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED` | `false`     | Flag to enable trace analytics for relevant spans in a specific integration |

#### Map Resource Names To Normalized URI

<div class="alert alert-warning">
This functionality is in public beta. Request early access by contacting <a href="/help">Datadog Support</a>. 

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</div>

```

| `DD_TRACE_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`         | `false`     | Flag to enable trace analytics for relevant spans in web integrations       |
| `DD_TRACE_DEBUG`                     | `false`     | Enable [debug mode][16] for the tracer                                      |
| `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`                   | `true`      | Enable the tracer globally                                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS`               | ``          | Tags to be set on all spans: e.g.: `key1:value1,key2:value2`                |
| `DD_TRACE_REPORT_HOSTNAME`           | `false`     | Enable hostname reporting on the root span                                  |
| `DD_TRACE_RESOURCE_URI_MAPPING`      | `null`      | CSV of URL-to-resource-name mapping rules; e.g., `/foo/*,/bar/$*/baz`; [see "Custom URL-To-Resource Mapping"][16] |
| `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED` | `false` | Enable URL's as resource names; [see "Map Resource Names To Normalized URI"][17] |
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED` | `false`     | Flag to enable trace analytics for relevant spans in a specific integration |

#### Map Resource Names To Normalized URI

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This functionality is in public beta. Request early access by contacting <a href="/help">Datadog Support</a>. 

Author: There is no "early access" required that they need to request. Can we only say "This functionality is in public beta. Contact support if more details are required."

> This functionality is in public beta. Request early access by contacting <a href="/help">Datadog Support</a>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is in public beta. For more information, contact <a href="/help">Datadog Support</a>. 
```

#### URL Resource Names

<div class="alert alert-warning">
Enabling this feature <strong>could impact your billing</strong>.

> Increasing the number of unique resource names also increases cardinality which is a metric used in billing.

Author: It doesn't affect billing directly. We limit after a certain number of resources. I'd suggest dropping this off unless we are expecting any known repercussions. That is, had we auto-instrumented the framework, the same number of resources would have appeared as after normalization. Why do we need to warn them specifically? @labbati thoughts?

Reviewer 2: This is good to know, so I would definitely rephrase it in a different and less scary way.

> had we auto-instrumented the framework, the same number of resources would have appeared as after normalization. Why do we need to warn them specifically?

When we support a framework we have access to the `route` name in addition to the url and we use the first one as a resource name.

So for example for a Symfony controller you set a route like this:

```
/** @Route("/users/{id}/permissions", name="users_permissions") */
public function getUserPermissions($id) {
   ....
}
```

So here for `/users/123/permissions` we have access to both `/user/{}/permissions` or `user_permissions` names and we can use the one that we like as the resource name. No cardinality issues in this case.

Author: I'll suggest handling it on per-use basis. Let's not use the warning banner to start with. Reason - it won't affect their billing, it'll affect the number of resources that they see after ballooning over a certain limit - which we can treat as a bug and increase the limit or look at the feature again. WDYT?
